hello sir cinema read this month
and george laval counts a lot for
young people club or not I marry my
eldest daughter in three days the
quotes this is the birth of my daughter
cécile
he pope said moore they say it's
the best who leave first
well not hand cut off at birth and
and the mother is a little knife
I burned my face in a house
marabout cannes May 17 it's just farting
the ski leg but it's already that
to take the plane was distorted
my dear, there is no more flight but that
does hours we are stuck yes
Treasury sends you with spatula and rome
me
we apply everything
signed non smoking car 2132 km is
left
I spent a weekend lying the
hatchet for her
it takes a code but stubborn me open the
door and you go back to your place
Canadian Car of the flight entry
of a van on the plane as to
sad daughter's tea because we had
hidden
I have everything I want
go to our daughter's wedding is ok
to be complicated but I look like you
life
how do you want to become paulo this time
in your life thanks
Thank you thank you and congratulations for flying
a cop car to make 50 m on
going like that if it was me sleeping in
down ok goatee
I bet ah it's true there was no
the courage to the best fiat the eu the
trainer
you must have had a nightmare in my opinion